add release notes for v7.1.4 (#16683)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-7.1.4.md

Author: preview: https://pingcap-docsite-preview-git-pr-qiancai.vercel.app/tidb/dev/release-7.1.4

    - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix the issue that TiKV might panic when gRPC threads are checking `is_shutdown` [#16236](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16236) @[pingyu](https://github.com/pingyu)
    - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix the issue that TiDB and TiKV might produce inconsistent results when processing `DECIMAL` arithmetic multiplication truncation [#16268](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16268) @[solotzg](https://github.com/solotzg)
    - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix the issue that `cast_duration_as_time` might return incorrect results [#16211](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16211) @[gengliqi](https://github.com/gengliqi)
    - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix the issue that TiKV converts the time zone incorrectly for Brazil and Egypt [#16220](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16220) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)
    - 修复 JSON 整形数值在大于 int64 最大值但是小于 uint64 最大值时会被解析成 float64 导致结果和 TiDB 不一致的问题 [#16537](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/16537) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)

+ PD <!--tw@hfxsd 7 条 -->

>     - 修复 Resource Group 客户端中未删除完全的 slot 导致分配 token 低于给定值的问题 [#7346](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7346) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)
>     - 修复 TSO 部分日志没有打印 error 原因的问题 [#7496](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7496) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)
>     - 修复 Default Resource Group 在 burstable 时累计不必要 tokens 的问题 [#7206](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7206) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)
>     - 修复调用 evict-leader 接口时没有输出结果的问题 [#7672](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7672) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)
>     - 修复 watch etcd 没有正确关闭导致内存泄露的问题 [#7807](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7807) @[rleungx](https://github.com/rleungx)
>     - 修复 MergeLabels 时存在 datarace 的问题 [#7535](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7535) @[lhy1024](https://github.com/lhy1024)
>     - 修复 Dashboard 中在开启 tls 时 tikv profile 获取失败的问题 [#7561](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7561) @[Connor1996](https://github.com/Connor1996)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that a slot that is not fully deleted in a resource group client causes the number of the assigned tokens to be less than the specified value [#7346](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7346) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)
    - Fix the issue that some of the TSO logs do not print the cause of an error [#7496](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7496) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)
    - Fix the issue that the default resource group accumulates unnecessary tokens when `BURSTABLE` is enabled [#7206](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7206) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)
    - Fix the issue that there is no output when the `evict-leader-scheduler` interface is called [#7672](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7672) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)
    - Fix the memory leak issue caused by `watch etcd` not being turned off correctly [#7807](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7807) @[rleungx](https://github.com/rleungx)
    - Fix the issue that data race happens when `MergeLabels` is called [#7535](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7535) @[lhy1024](https://github.com/lhy1024)
    - Fix the issue that Dashboard fails to get the TiKV profile when tls is enabled [#7561](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7561) @[Connor1996](https://github.com/Connor1996)
```

    - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> TiFlash - Fix the issue that short queries executed successfully print excessive info logs [#8592](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8592) @[windtalker](https://github.com/windtalker)
    - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> TiFlash - Fix the issue that the memory usage increases significantly due to slow queries [#8564](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8564) @[JinheLin](https://github.com/JinheLin)
    - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> TiFlash - Fix the issue that TiFlash panics after executing `ALTER TABLE ... MODIFY COLUMN ... NOT NULL`, which changes nullable columns to non-nullable [#8419](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8419) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
    - (dup): release-6.5.8.md > Bug fixes> TiFlash - Fix the issue that after terminating a query, TiFlash crashes due to concurrent data conflicts when a large number of tasks on TiFlash are canceled at the same time [#7432](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/7432) @[SeaRise](https://github.com/SeaRise)

>     - 修复 TiFlash 在有大量远程读时，由于并发数据冲突导致 TiFlash 崩溃的问题 [#8685](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8685) @[zanmato1984](https://github.com/zanmato1984)
>     - 修复 anti semi join 在有其他不等值连接条件时，结果可能会出错的问题 [#8791](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8791) @[windtalker](https://github.com/windtalker)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that TiFlash crashes due to concurrent data conflict when TiFlash has a large number of remote read operations [#8685](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8685) @[zanmato1984](https://github.com/zanmato1984)
    - Fix the issue that Anti Semi Join might return incorrect results when there are other unequal join conditions [#8791](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8791) @[windtalker](https://github.com/windtalker)
```

        - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> Tools> TiCDC - Fix the issue that after filtering out `add table partition` events is configured in `ignore-event`, TiCDC does not replicate other types of DML changes for related partitions to the downstream [#10524](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10524) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
        - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> Tools> TiCDC - Fix the issue that the file sequence number generated by the storage service might not increment correctly when using the storage sink [#10352](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10352) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
        - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> Tools> TiCDC - Fix the issue that TiCDC returns the `ErrChangeFeedAlreadyExists` error when concurrently creating multiple changefeeds [#10430](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10430) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)

>         - 修复在 resume changefeed 的时候由于没有检查 changefeed 的 checkpoint-ts 是否小于 TiDB 的 gc safepoint 从而没有及时把 "snapshot lost cased by GC" 错误提示出来 [#10463](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10463) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)
>         - 修复 TiCDC 在开启单行数据正确性校验 (Data Integrity Validation for Single-Row Data) 后由于没有正确考虑时区的问题导致 timestamp 类型 checksum 验证失败的问题 [#10573](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10573) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that `snapshot lost cased by GC` is not reported in time when resuming a changefeed and the `checkpoint-ts` of the changefeed is not checked to see if it is smaller than TiDB's `gc safepoint` [#10463](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10463) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)
        - Fix the issue that TiCDC fails to validate timestamp type checksum due to time zone mismatch after enabling data integrity validation for single-row data [#10573](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10573) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)
```

    + TiDB Data Migration (DM) <!--tw@hfxsd 2 条 -->

>         - 修复任务配置中错误的 binlog 事件类型导致升级失败的问题 [#10282](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10282) @[GMHDBJD](https://github.com/GMHDBJD)
>         - 修复带有 shard_row_id_bits 的表会导致 schema tracker 无法初始化的问题 [#10308](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10308) @[GMHDBJD](https://github.com/GMHDBJD)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that a wrong binlog event type in the task configuration causes upgrade to fail [#10282](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10282) @[GMHDBJD](https://github.com/GMHDBJD)
        - Fix the issue that tables with `shard_row_id_bits` cause the schema tracker to fail to initialize [#10308](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10308) @[GMHDBJD](https://github.com/GMHDBJD)
```

        - Implement a lock mechanism to avoid executing multiple log backup truncation tasks (`br log truncate`) simultaneously [#49414](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/49414) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)

    + TiCDC

        - When the downstream is Kafka, the topic expression allows `schema` to be optional and supports specifying a topic name directly [#9763](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9763) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)
        - Support [querying the downstream synchronization status of a changefeed](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.1/ticdc-open-api-v2#query-whether-a-specific-replication-task-is-completed), which helps you determine whether the upstream data changes received by TiCDC have been synchronized to the downstream system completely [#10289](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10289) @[hongyunyan](https://github.com/hongyunyan)
        - Support searching TiCDC logs in the TiDB Dashboard [#10263](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10263) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)

    + TiDB Lightning

>         - Improve the performance in scenarios where multiple tables are imported by canceling the lock operation when executing `ALTER TABLE` [#50105](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/50105) @[D3Hunter](https://github.com/D3Hunter)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - Improve the performance in scenarios where multiple tables are imported by removing the lock operation when executing `ALTER TABLE` [#50105](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/50105) @[D3Hunter](https://github.com/D3Hunter)
```

    - Fix the issue that query results are incorrect due to `STREAM_AGG()` incorrectly handling CI [#49902](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/49902) @[wshwsh12](https://github.com/wshwsh12)
    - Fix the goroutine leak issue that might occur when the `HashJoin` operator fails to spill to disk [#50841](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/50841) @[wshwsh12](https://github.com/wshwsh12)
    - Fix the issue that hints cannot be used in `REPLACE INTO` statements [#34325](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/34325) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)
    - Fix the issue that executing queries containing the `GROUP_CONCAT(ORDER BY)` syntax might return errors [#49986](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/49986) @[AilinKid](https://github.com/AilinKid)
    - Fix the issue that using a multi-valued index to access an empty JSON array might return incorrect results [#50125](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/50125) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)

>     - Fix the goroutine leak issue that occurs when the memory usage of CTE queries exceed limits [#50337](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/50337) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix the goroutine leak issue that occurs when the memory usage of CTE queries exceeds limits [#50337](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/50337) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)
```

    - Fix the issue that adding an index might cause inconsistent index data when the network is unstable [#49773](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/49773) @[tangenta](https://github.com/tangenta)
    - Fix the execution order of DDL jobs to prevent TiCDC from receiving out-of-order DDLs [#49498](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/49498) @[tangenta](https://github.com/tangenta)
    - Fix the issue that the `tidb_gogc_tuner_threshold` system variable is not adjusted accordingly after the `tidb_server_memory_limit` variable is modified [#48180](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48180) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
    - Fix the issue that the query result of a range partitioned table is incorrect in some cases due to wrong partition pruning [#50082](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/50082) @[Defined2014](https://github.com/Defined2014)
    - Fix the issue that DDL operations such as renaming tables are stuck when the `CREATE TABLE` statement contains specific partitions or constraints [#50972](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/50972) @[lcwangchao](https://github.com/lcwangchao)

>     - Fix the issue that getting the default value of a column returns an error if the column default value is deleted [#50043](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/50043) [#51324](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/51324) @[crazycs520](https://github.com/crazycs520)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that getting the default value of a column returns an error if the column default value is dropped [#50043](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/50043) [#51324](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/51324) @[crazycs520](https://github.com/crazycs520)
```

Reviewer 3: 删除列的默认值，对应的 SQL 如下, 所以可能用 dropped 好一点。
```sql
ALTER TABLE table_name ALTER COLUMN col_name INT DROP DEFAULT;
```

        - Fix the issue that the changefeed `resolved ts` does not advance in extreme cases [#10157](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10157) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)
        - Fix the issue that the Syncpoint table might be incorrectly replicated [#10576](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10576) @[asddongmen](https://github.com/asddongmen)
        - Fix the issue that after filtering out `add table partition` events is configured in `ignore-event`, TiCDC does not replicate other types of DML changes for related partitions to the downstream [#10524](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10524) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
        - Fix the issue that the file sequence number generated by the storage service might not increment correctly when using the storage sink [#10352](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10352) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
        - Fix the issue that TiCDC returns the `ErrChangeFeedAlreadyExists` error when concurrently creating multiple changefeeds [#10430](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10430) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)

>         - Fix the issue that `snapshot lost cased by GC` is not reported in time when resuming a changefeed and the `checkpoint-ts` of the changefeed is smaller than the GC safepoint of TiDB [#10463](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10463) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)

Author: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that `snapshot lost caused by GC` is not reported in time when resuming a changefeed and the `checkpoint-ts` of the changefeed is smaller than the GC safepoint of TiDB [#10463](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10463) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)
```

        - Support ingesting SST files in batch during data restore [#16267](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16267) @[3pointer](https://github.com/3pointer)
        - Print the information of the slowest Region that affects global checkpoint advancement in logs and metrics during log backups [#51046](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/51046) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)
        - Remove an outdated compatibility check when using Google Cloud Storage (GCS) as the external storage [#50533](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/50533) @[lance6716](https://github.com/lance6716)
        - Implement a lock mechanism to avoid executing multiple log backup truncation tasks (`br log truncate`) simultaneously [#49414](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/49414) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)

    + TiCDC

        - When the downstream is Kafka, the topic expression allows `schema` to be optional and supports specifying a topic name directly [#9763](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9763) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)

>         - Support [querying the downstream synchronization status of a changefeed](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.5/ticdc-open-api-v2#query-whether-a-specific-replication-task-is-completed), which helps you determine whether the upstream data changes received by TiCDC have been synchronized to the downstream system completely [#10289](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10289) @[hongyunyan](https://github.com/hongyunyan)

Author: ```suggestion
        - Support [querying the downstream synchronization status of a changefeed](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.1/ticdc-open-api-v2#query-whether-a-specific-replication-task-is-completed), which helps you determine whether the upstream data changes received by TiCDC have been synchronized to the downstream system completely [#10289](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10289) @[hongyunyan](https://github.com/hongyunyan)
```

    - Fix the issue that the `lowerUTF8` and `upperUTF8` functions do not allow characters in different cases to occupy different bytes [#8484](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8484) @[gengliqi](https://github.com/gengliqi)
    - Fix the issue that short queries executed successfully print excessive info logs [#8592](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8592) @[windtalker](https://github.com/windtalker)
    - Fix the issue that the memory usage increases significantly due to slow queries [#8564](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8564) @[JinheLin](https://github.com/JinheLin)
    - Fix the issue that TiFlash panics after executing `ALTER TABLE ... MODIFY COLUMN ... NOT NULL`, which changes nullable columns to non-nullable [#8419](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8419) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
    - Fix the issue that after terminating a query, TiFlash crashes due to concurrent data conflicts when a large number of tasks on TiFlash are canceled at the same time [#7432](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/7432) @[SeaRise](https://github.com/SeaRise)

>     - Fix the issue that TiFlash might crash during remote reads [#8685](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8685) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that TiFlash might crash during remote reads [#8685](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8685) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)
```

## Compatibility changes

- (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Compatibility changes - To reduce the overhead of log printing, TiFlash changes the default value of `logger.level` from `"debug"` to `"info"` [#8641](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8641) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
- (dup): release-6.5.8.md > Compatibility changes - Introduce the TiKV configuration item [`gc.num-threads`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.5/tikv-configuration-file#num-threads-new-in-v658) to set the number of GC threads when `enable-compaction-filter` is `false`  [#16101](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16101) @[tonyxuqqi](https://github.com/tonyxuqqi)

## Improvements

+ TiDB <!--tw@Oreoxmt 1 条 -->

    - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Improvements> TiDB - Enhance the ability to convert `OUTER JOIN` to `INNER JOIN` in specific scenarios [#49616](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/49616) @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)

>     - When `force-init-stats` is set to `true`, TiDB waits for statistics initialization to finish before providing services during TiDB startup. During this period, TiDB also blocks the startup of HTTP servers [#50854](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/50854) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    - When `force-init-stats` is set to `true`, TiDB waits for statistics initialization to finish before providing services during TiDB startup. This setting no longer blocks the startup of HTTP servers, which enables users to continue monitoring [#50854](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/50854) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
```

    - Fix the issue that TiDB might panic when performing a rolling upgrade using `tiup cluster upgrade/start` due to an interaction issue with PD [#50152](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/50152) @[zimulala](https://github.com/zimulala)
    - Fix the issue that the expected optimization does not take effect when adding an index to an empty table [#49682](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/49682) @[zimulala](https://github.com/zimulala)
    - Fix the issue that TiDB might OOM when a large number of tables or partitions are created [#50077](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/50077) @[zimulala](https://github.com/zimulala)
    - Fix the issue that adding an index might cause inconsistent index data when the network is unstable [#49773](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/49773) @[tangenta](https://github.com/tangenta)
    - Fix the execution order of DDL jobs to prevent TiCDC from receiving out-of-order DDLs [#49498](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/49498) @[tangenta](https://github.com/tangenta)

>     - Fix the issue encountered when using `REVERSE()` on `BIT` type columns [#50850](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/50850) @[jiyfhust](https://github.com/jiyfhust)

Author: ```suggestion
```

    - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix the issue that TiDB and TiKV might produce inconsistent results when processing `DECIMAL` arithmetic multiplication truncation [#16268](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16268) @[solotzg](https://github.com/solotzg)
    - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix the issue that `cast_duration_as_time` might return incorrect results [#16211](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16211) @[gengliqi](https://github.com/gengliqi)
    - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix the issue that TiKV converts the time zone incorrectly for Brazil and Egypt [#16220](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16220) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)
    - Fix the issue that JSON integers greater than the maximum `INT64` value but less than the maximum `UINT64` value are parsed as `FLOAT64` by TiKV, resulting in inconsistency with TiDB [#16512](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16512) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)

+ PD <!--tw@hfxsd 7 条 -->

>     - Fix the issue that a slot that is not fully deleted in a resource group client causes the number of the assigned tokens to be less than the specified value [#7346](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7346) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)
>     - Fix the issue that some of the TSO logs do not print the cause of an error [#7496](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7496) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that slots are not fully deleted in a resource group client, which causes the number of the allocated tokens to be less than the specified value [#7346](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7346) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)
    - Fix the issue that some TSO logs do not print the error cause [#7496](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7496) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)
```

    - Fix the issue that the default resource group accumulates unnecessary tokens when `BURSTABLE` is enabled [#7206](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7206) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)
    - Fix the issue that there is no output when the `evict-leader-scheduler` interface is called [#7672](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7672) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)
    - Fix the memory leak issue that occurs when `watch etcd` is not turned off correctly [#7807](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7807) @[rleungx](https://github.com/rleungx)

>     - Fix the issue that data race happens when the `MergeLabels` function is called [#7535](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7535) @[lhy1024](https://github.com/lhy1024)
>     - Fix the issue that Dashboard fails to get the TiKV profile when TLS is enabled [#7561](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7561) @[Connor1996](https://github.com/Connor1996)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that data race occurs when the `MergeLabels` function is called [#7535](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7535) @[lhy1024](https://github.com/lhy1024)
    - Fix the issue that TiDB Dashboard fails to get the TiKV profile when TLS is enabled [#7561](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7561) @[Connor1996](https://github.com/Connor1996)
```

    - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> TiFlash - Fix the issue that short queries executed successfully print excessive info logs [#8592](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8592) @[windtalker](https://github.com/windtalker)
    - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> TiFlash - Fix the issue that the memory usage increases significantly due to slow queries [#8564](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8564) @[JinheLin](https://github.com/JinheLin)
    - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> TiFlash - Fix the issue that TiFlash panics after executing `ALTER TABLE ... MODIFY COLUMN ... NOT NULL`, which changes nullable columns to non-nullable [#8419](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8419) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
    - (dup): release-6.5.8.md > Bug fixes> TiFlash - Fix the issue that after terminating a query, TiFlash crashes due to concurrent data conflicts when a large number of tasks on TiFlash are canceled at the same time [#7432](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/7432) @[SeaRise](https://github.com/SeaRise)

>     - Fix the issue that TiFlash crashes due to concurrent data conflict when TiFlash has a large number of remote read operations [#8685](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8685) @[zanmato1984](https://github.com/zanmato1984)
>     - Fix the issue that Anti Semi Join might return incorrect results when there are other unequal join conditions [#8791](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8791) @[windtalker](https://github.com/windtalker)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that TiFlash might crash during remote reads [#8685](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8685) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)
    - Fix the issue that TiFlash Anti Semi Join might return incorrect results when the join includes non-equivalent conditions [#8791](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8791) @[windtalker](https://github.com/windtalker)
```

        - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> Tools> TiCDC - Fix the issue that after filtering out `add table partition` events is configured in `ignore-event`, TiCDC does not replicate other types of DML changes for related partitions to the downstream [#10524](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10524) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
        - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> Tools> TiCDC - Fix the issue that the file sequence number generated by the storage service might not increment correctly when using the storage sink [#10352](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10352) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
        - (dup): release-7.5.1.md > Bug fixes> Tools> TiCDC - Fix the issue that TiCDC returns the `ErrChangeFeedAlreadyExists` error when concurrently creating multiple changefeeds [#10430](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10430) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)

>         - Fix the issue that `snapshot lost cased by GC` is not reported in time when resuming a changefeed and `checkpoint-ts` of the changefeed is smaller than `gc safepoint` of TiDB [#10463](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10463) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)
>         - Fix the issue that TiCDC fails to validate timestamp type checksum due to time zone mismatch after data integrity validation for single-row data is enabled [#10573](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10573) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that `snapshot lost cased by GC` is not reported in time when resuming a changefeed and the `checkpoint-ts` of the changefeed is smaller than the GC safepoint of TiDB [#10463](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10463) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)
        - Fix the issue that TiCDC fails to validate `TIMESTAMP` type checksum due to time zone mismatch after data integrity validation for single-row data is enabled [#10573](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10573) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)
```

    + TiDB Data Migration (DM) <!--tw@hfxsd 2 条 -->

>         - Fix the issue that a wrong binlog event type in the task configuration causes upgrade to fail [#10282](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10282) @[GMHDBJD](https://github.com/GMHDBJD)
>         - Fix the issue that a table with `shard_row_id_bits` causes the schema tracker to fail to initialize [#10308](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10308) @[GMHDBJD](https://github.com/GMHDBJD)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that DM encounters "event type truncate not valid" error that causes the upgrade to fail [#10282](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10282) @[GMHDBJD](https://github.com/GMHDBJD)
        - Fix the issue that a migration task error occurs when the downstream table structure contains `shard_row_id_bits` [#10308](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10308) @[GMHDBJD](https://github.com/GMHDBJD)
```
